Are you scared of the dark?
Are you still a virgin?
Are you turned on right now?
Blondes, brunettes or redheads?
Describe what makes someone husband or wife material.
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Did your parents ever give you the “birds and the bees” talk?
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?
Do you drool in your sleep?
Do you ever lick your plate after dinner?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit?
Do you have any interesting fetishes?
Do you have any silly nicknames?
Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
Do you have hidden piercings or tattoos?
Do you like a lot of foreplay?
Do you like telling someone what to do in bed, or do you prefer to be told what to do?
Do you pee in the shower?
Do you prefer  traveling by train or bus?
Do you prefer a carnival or the circus?
Do you prefer a fan or air conditioner?
Do you prefer a guitar or piano?
Do you prefer a theme park or water park?
Do you prefer a wallet or money clip?
Do you prefer a zoo or aquarium?
Do you prefer art festivals or music festivals?
Do you prefer barbecue or oven?
Do you prefer baseball or football?
Do you prefer black coffee or cream and sugar?
Do you prefer books or Kindle?
Do you prefer bowling or putt-putt?
Do you prefer breakfast or no breakfast?
Do you prefer chicken nuggets or chicken fingers?
Do you prefer Christmas or Halloween?
Do you prefer Coca Cola or Pepsi?
Do you prefer Disney World or Universal?
Do you prefer dogs or cats?
Do you prefer drawing or painting?
Do you prefer dyed hair or natural colors?
Do you prefer eBay or Amazon?
Do you prefer eggs or pancakes?
Do you prefer electric light or natural light?
Do you prefer fireplaces or fire pits?
Do you prefer flip flops or sneakers?
Do you prefer gas or electric stove?
Do you prefer hamburgers or hot dogs?
Do you prefer hot tubs or hot springs?
Do you prefer Mansions or farmhouses?
Do you prefer Marvel or DC?
Do you prefer mashed potatoes or baked potatoes?
Do you prefer matching or mismatched socks?
Do you prefer movie theaters or arcades?
Do you prefer Nintendo or Sega?
Do you prefer one-on-one or the more the merrier?
Do you prefer Pringles or Lay's?
Do you prefer riches or happiness?
Do you prefer roses or sunflowers?
Do you prefer skydiving or bungee jumping?
Do you prefer smoking or non-smoking?
Do you prefer Spongebob or Patrick?
Do you prefer spring or fall?
Do you prefer store-bought gifts or handmade?
Do you prefer summer or winter?
Do you prefer sushi or smoked fish?
Do you prefer sweet or sour?
Do you prefer tattoos or piercings?
Do you prefer The Simpsons or Family Guy?
Do you prefer traveling by car or plane?
Do you prefer T-shirt or button-up?
Do you prefer white or wheat bread?
Do you prefer Xbox or PlayStation?
Do you prefer yoga pants or jeans?
Do you sing in the shower?
Do you sleep completely nude?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you talk in your sleep?
Do you think you are a good kisser?
Do you want to get married one day?
Do you want to have kids?
Do you write in a diary?
Go around the room and say one positive and one negative thing about each person
Has your partner ever embarrassed you?
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
Have you ever been in a "friends with benefits" situation?
Have you ever been in love?
Have you ever been rejected by someone?
Have you ever been stood up on a date?
Have you ever been to a LARP event?
Have you ever been to a nudist beach?
Have you ever been to a strip club?
Have you ever broke a bone?
Have you ever butt-dialed someone?
Have you ever cheated on your partner?
Have you ever cheated on your partner?
Have you ever cursed at your parents?
Have you ever donated money to charity?
Have you ever done anything illegal?
Have you ever done it at work?
Have you ever done it in a car?
Have you ever done it in a public place?
Have you ever done it while other people were around without them knowing?
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Have you ever failed a class?
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?
Have you ever fallen in love at first sight?
Have you ever fallen out of bed in the middle of the night?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
Have you ever farted loudly in class?
Have you ever flashed someone?
Have you ever given or been given ‘attention’ while driving a car?
Have you ever gone to school/work late due to oversleeping?
Have you ever gotten caught doing something you shouldn’t?
Have you ever gotten detention or been suspended?
Have you ever gotten into a fight on school grounds?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s boyfriend/girlfriend?
Have you ever had a crush on a person at least 10 years older than you?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
Have you ever had lice?
Have you ever kept a library book?
Have you ever kissed someone of the same gender?
Have you ever lied about your age?
Have you ever made someone cry?
Have you ever peed in the pool?
Have you ever pictured someone naked when talking to them?
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something?
Have you ever pretended to like a gift?
Have you ever received a nude selfie?
Have you ever roleplayed?
Have you ever sent a nude selfie?
Have you ever sexted anyone?
Have you ever shared your friend's secret with someone else?
Have you ever slept with someone of the same gender?
Have you ever smoked?
Have you ever stalked your crush?
Have you ever stuck gum under a desk?
Have you ever taken a body shot?
Have you ever tasted ear wax?
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
Have you ever told a secret you were told to keep?
Have you ever tried drugs?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
Have you ever wanted to cheat on your partner?
Have you ever wanted to try on clothing of the opposite sex?
Have you ever written a love letter?
How far would you go on a first date?
How long was your longest relationship?
How many partners have you had?
How many people have seen you naked in this room?
How many people have you slept with?
How many times a week do you touch yourself?
How often do you watch something naughty?
If I looked in your nightstand, what would I find?
If I went through your room, what would I be surprised to find?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
If you could go on a romantic date with anyone in this room, who would you pick?
If you could only use one swear word for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
If you had to flash just one person in this room, who would it be?
If you had to go skinny dipping with someone, who in this room would you choose?
If you knew your friend's partner was cheating on them, what would you do?
If you ran out of toilet paper, would you consider wiping with the empty roll?
If you switched genders for the day, what would you do?
If your crush told you they liked your best friend, what would you do?
If your parents hated your partner, what would you do?
If your partner hated your best friend, what would you do?
Is there anything about your life you would change?
Name something illegal that you've done and regret
Of the people in this room, who do you want to trade lives with?
What "as seen on TV" product do you secretly want to buy?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
What are you afraid of?
What has been the most expensive ticket you've ever gotten?
What have you lied to your partner about?
What have you seen that you wish you could unsee?
What is something that is absolutely off-limits in the bedroom?
What is something you did that you feel really guilty about?
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?
What is the biggest deal-breaker for you?
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever watched?
What is the dumbest thing I’ve ever said?
What is the most attractive feature on a person?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
What is the most embarrassing moment in your life?
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
What is the most times you've done it in one day?
What is the most times you've touched yourself in one day?
What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
What is the weirdest action you have done while you’re drunk?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve done in public?
What is the worst food you have ever tasted?
What is your biggest fear?
What is your favorite "special" toy?
What is your favorite alcoholic drink?
What is your favorite food of all time?
What is your favorite fruit?
What is your favorite possession?
What is your favorite season?
What is your favorite soda?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your last nightmare?
What is your worst habit?
What movie could you watch over and over again?
What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
What was your biggest sexual disappointment?
What was your first job?
What was your funniest sexual experience like?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or makeup sex?
What would you do if you found out your partner liked someone else?
What would you do if your best friend told you that they liked your crush?
What’s been on your mind lately?
What’s something your mom doesn’t know about you?
What’s the best news you’ve ever heard?
What’s the grossest thing that you do when you’re alone?
What’s the lamest thing you’ve Googled?
What’s the worst lie you’ve ever told?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work?
What’s the worst thought you’ve ever had?
What’s your biggest insecurity?
What’s your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
What's something you wish you didn’t know?
What's the best purchase that you’ve made for $10 or less?
What's the best thing to say to your friend that would be the worst thing to say to your crush?
What's the hottest thing someone’s ever done to you?
What's the most flirtatious thing you've ever done?
What's the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
What's your biggest turn-on?
What's your favorite place on your body to be kissed?
What's your most shallow reason for not going on a second date?
What's your ultimate sexual fantasy?
When did you last go solo?
When is your first kiss?
When was the first time you came?
When was the last time you cried?
When was the last time you got really angry?
When was the most embarrassing time you got turned on?
When you were eight years old, what did you want to be when you grew up?
Where is the weirdest place that you’ve ever gone solo?
Which cartoon character do you have the biggest crush on?
Which celebrity do you want to have a relationship with?
Who are you jealous of?
Who do you most want to sleep with out of everyone here?
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
Who do you want to make out with the most in this room?
Who here are you most jealous of?
Who here do you think is the best flirt?
Who here is the most likely to do anything with their life?
Who in the room would be the best wing-man?
Who in this room do you want to have your first kiss with?
Who’s your favorite family member?
Who's the funniest in this room?
Would you break up with your partner for 1 million?
Would you ever date two people at once if you could get away with it?
Would you ever get into a long-distance relationship?
Would you go out with an older person?
Would you go to a nude beach?
Would you rather be skinny and hairy or fat and smooth?
Would you rather eat dog food or cat food?
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds?
Would you share a toothbrush with your partner?
You win a trip and are allowed to bring two people, who do you pick?
Never have I ever "cleaned up" by piling everything into a closet
Never have I ever accidentally eaten a bug
Never have I ever accidentally pooped my pants
Never have I ever arrived somewhere late and had everyone stare at me
Never have I ever been a bully
Never have I ever been a friend with benefits
Never have I ever been arrested
Never have I ever been caught picking my nose
Never have I ever been drunk at a restaurant
Never have I ever been drunk in public
Never have I ever been hungover
Never have I ever been in handcuffs
Never have I ever been inside of a library
Never have I ever been mini-golfing
Never have I ever been on a blind date
Never have I ever been on a family road trip
Never have I ever been on stage in front of a crowd
Never have I ever been out of the country
Never have I ever been playful with whipped cream
Never have I ever been pulled over by the police
Never have I ever been scared of clowns
Never have I ever been scared of the dark
Never have I ever been sent to the principal's office
Never have I ever been terrified of a theme park ride
Never have I ever been the designated driver
Never have I ever been the drunkest person at the party
Never have I ever been to a drive-in movie
Never have I ever been to a haunted house
Never have I ever been to a sleepover
Never have I ever been to a wine tasting
Never have I ever been to an adult store
Never have I ever been to Disney World
Never have I ever been told I had bad breath
Never have I ever blamed farts on an animal
Never have I ever bought a children's toy for myself, as an adult
Never have I ever bought clothing online
Never have I ever bought lingerie
Never have I ever bought myself a Happy Meal
Never have I ever bought something stolen
Never have I ever broke up with someone while drunk
Never have I ever broken a piece of furniture by sitting on it
Never have I ever broken in somewhere
Never have I ever broken the "five-second rule"
Never have I ever built a fort with blankets
Never have I ever bungee-jumped
Never have I ever burnt my mouth willingly because I was too hungry to wait
Never have I ever called the cops on someone
Never have I ever called the wrong person, then pretended I meant to call them
Never have I ever changed a diaper
Never have I ever cheated on a test
Never have I ever cleaned out the fridge and found food over a year old
Never have I ever clogged a toilet
Never have I ever counted calories
Never have I ever crashed a party or wedding
Never have I ever creeped on someone I just met on social media
Never have I ever cried at school
Never have I ever cried during a Pixar movie
Never have I ever crossed state lines to buy better fireworks
Never have I ever cut someone in line
Never have I ever danced on a table or bar
Never have I ever dated more than one person at once
Never have I ever dated someone through a dating app
Never have I ever dated someone who was underage
Never have I ever daydreamed about donuts
Never have I ever destroyed a public bathroom
Never have I ever dine and dashed
Never have I ever dipped french fries into a milkshake
Never have I ever done a body shot
Never have I ever done a pub crawl
Never have I ever done an Easter egg hunt
Never have I ever done it in a public place
Never have I ever done it outside
Never have I ever downloaded music illegally
Never have I ever drank a flaming shot
Never have I ever drank at a bar
Never have I ever drank before reaching your contries legal age
Never have I ever drank liquor straight from the bottle
Never have I ever drank pickle juice
Never have I ever dressed as the opposite sex
Never have I ever driven drunk
Never have I ever driven without wearing a seatbelt
Never have I ever dropped Mentos into Coke or Pepsi
Never have I ever drunkenly posted something online that I wished I hadn't
Never have I ever eaten butter by itself
Never have I ever eaten expired food or drink
Never have I ever eaten food while still standing with the fridge door open
Never have I ever eaten from someone else's plate when they weren't looking
Never have I ever eaten my nose boogers
Never have I ever eaten something cold because I was too lazy to heat it up
Never have I ever eaten something on a dare
Never have I ever eaten Spam
Never have I ever faked being sick so I could play video games
Never have I ever fallen asleep and woken up somewhere else
Never have I ever fallen off a bike
Never have I ever fantasized about someone else
Never have I ever farted in front of someone I liked
Never have I ever finished a Sudoku puzzle
Never have I ever flirted with a police officer in hopes of not getting a ticket
Never have I ever flirted with someone more than 10 years older than me
Never have I ever flown in a helicopter
Never have I ever forgotten the punchline of a joke
Never have I ever gently whispered in someone's ear
Never have I ever given a lap dance
Never have I ever given money to a homeless person
Never have I ever given myself a bad haircut
Never have I ever given someone a hickey
Never have I ever gone commando
Never have I ever gone into the wrong restroom
Never have I ever gone more than a week without showering
Never have I ever Googled my own name to see what comes up
Never have I ever Googled sex positions
Never have I ever Googled something so I'd know how to spell it
Never have I ever gotten into a fistfight
Never have I ever gotten poop on my hand
Never have I ever greeted someone I thought was someone else
Never have I ever had a baby spit up on me
Never have I ever had a bedroom injury
Never have I ever had a cavity
Never have I ever had a cheesy pick-up line work on me
Never have I ever had a crush on a friend's sibling
Never have I ever had a crush on a teacher
Never have I ever had a date with someone I met on an app
Never have I ever had a deep-fried candy bar
Never have I ever had a dream about someone I liked
Never have I ever had a drop land on the toilet seat and not cleaned it off
Never have I ever had a favorite sex toy
Never have I ever had a friend with benefits
Never have I ever had a full-body massage
Never have I ever had a hickey
Never have I ever had a Jell-O shot
Never have I ever had a nightmare about zombies chasing me
Never have I ever had a one night stand
Never have I ever had a one-night stand
Never have I ever had a relationship
Never have I ever had a stranger buy me a drink
Never have I ever had a threesome
Never have I ever had a weird nickname
Never have I ever had breakfast in bed
Never have I ever had diarrhea at a friend's house
Never have I ever had food stuck in my teeth all day
Never have I ever had gum in my hair
Never have I ever had someone draw a caricature of me
Never have I ever had someone walk in on me in the bathroom
Never have I ever had such bad diarrhea that I didn't make it to the bathroom in time
Never have I ever had surgery
Never have I ever had to be carried to bed
Never have I ever had trouble sleeping after watching a scary movie
Never have I ever heard someone else doing it
Never have I ever jaywalked
Never have I ever jumped a fence
Never have I ever jumped out of a plane
Never have I ever just looked at myself naked in the mirror
Never have I ever killed ants with a magnifying glass
Never have I ever laughed so hard that I peed my pants
Never have I ever learned how to play a musical instrument
Never have I ever left a drunk voicemail
Never have I ever let dirty dishes sit in the sink for over a week
Never have I ever licked a coin
Never have I ever licked a frozen pole
Never have I ever lied about my age
Never have I ever lied about staying after school and gone somewhere else
Never have I ever lied in a job interview
Never have I ever lied to a police officer
Never have I ever lied to my parents about where I was going
Never have I ever littered
Never have I ever locked my keys in my car
Never have I ever lost count of how many drinks I had
Never have I ever lost my swimwear bottoms
Never have I ever lost sunglasses that I was already wearing
Never have I ever made a duck face when taking a selfie
Never have I ever made a fake social media account
Never have I ever made a gross smoothie
Never have I ever made a wish at a fountain
Never have I ever made an impulse purchase online while drunk
Never have I ever made any naughty videos
Never have I ever made out with a stranger
Never have I ever made out with someone in a hot tub
Never have I ever made up my own cocktail
Never have I ever made vodka gummy bears
Never have I ever met a celebrity
Never have I ever missed a high five
Never have I ever mistaken a man for a women or vice versa
Never have I ever named a stuffed animal
Never have I ever not tipped at a restaurant
Never have I ever owned a watch
Never have I ever owned an Xbox
Never have I ever participated in a drinking competition
Never have I ever passed a vehicle in a "no-passing" zone
Never have I ever passed second base
Never have I ever peed in the pool
Never have I ever peed in the sink
Never have I ever peeked at someone in the shower
Never have I ever peeled a sunburn and enjoyed it
Never have I ever performed in a talent show
Never have I ever picked stuff out of my belly button
Never have I ever played beer pong
Never have I ever played Candy Crush
Never have I ever played hard to get
Never have I ever played on my phone, trying to look like I'm doing something important
Never have I ever played poker for money
Never have I ever played strip poker
Never have I ever popped someone else's pimple
Never have I ever practiced public speaking in the mirror
Never have I ever prank called the police
Never have I ever pretended to know a stranger
Never have I ever pretended to laugh at a joke I didn't get
Never have I ever pretended to like a wine to look classier
Never have I ever pretended to wash my hands by turning the water on, just in case someone is listening
Never have I ever purchased sexy sleepwear
Never have I ever put candy on pizza
Never have I ever put ice cubes in my milk and cereal
Never have I ever ran a red light
Never have I ever read a single Harry Potter book
Never have I ever received a free drink
Never have I ever recorded video of myself singing or dancing
Never have I ever refreshed over and over to see if I have any new messages
Never have I ever re-gifted a gift card
Never have I ever reread an email immediately after sending it
Never have I ever returned an item I used or clothing I wore
Never have I ever ridden a bike on the sidewalk
Never have I ever ridden a skateboard
Never have I ever said a toast
Never have I ever salted watermelon
Never have I ever sang in the shower
Never have I ever sang on a stage
Never have I ever sat in the shower
Never have I ever scared myself in a mirror
Never have I ever scored over 100 while bowling
Never have I ever screamed because of a bug
Never have I ever secretly wished I were a wizard at Hogwarts
Never have I ever seen an elephant in real life
Never have I ever seen snow
Never have I ever seen someone else naked in person
Never have I ever seen Titanic
Never have I ever sent a dirty text to the wrong person
Never have I ever sent a nude picture
Never have I ever sent a sexy photo to a friend
Never have I ever sent a text to the wrong person
Never have I ever sent someone a sexy selfie
Never have I ever shared passwords to services so family or friends didn't have to pay
Never have I ever shoplifted from a store
Never have I ever shot a gun
Never have I ever shotgunned a beer
Never have I ever skipped a movie to make out in the parking lot instead
Never have I ever slept in regular clothing
Never have I ever slipped someone my phone number
Never have I ever smelled clothing to see if they were too dirty to wear again
Never have I ever smiled at someone when I realized I wasn't listening to what they were saying
Never have I ever smuggled food into a movie theater
Never have I ever snuck into a club
Never have I ever snuck out of the house
Never have I ever spent hours watching funny videos on YouTube
Never have I ever spent time in detention
Never have I ever spit out gum onto the ground
Never have I ever stalked a crush
Never have I ever stayed friends with an ex
Never have I ever stayed up all night
Never have I ever stayed up all night
Never have I ever stepped barefoot in dog poop
Never have I ever stolen a friend's story and pretended it happened to me
Never have I ever stolen money from someone
Never have I ever stolen Wi-Fi from an unsecured network
Never have I ever sucked my thumb
Never have I ever sung karaoke
Never have I ever taken a shot with no hands
Never have I ever tasted dog or cat food
Never have I ever tasted earwax
Never have I ever texted someone I didn't mean to when I was tipsy
Never have I ever thought a cartoon character was hot
Never have I ever thought a fart smelled good
Never have I ever thought a movie was better than the book
Never have I ever thought about what type of dog I would be
Never have I ever thrown something at a moving car
Never have I ever thrown up after seeing someone else throw up
Never have I ever thrown up in my mouth and swallowed it
Never have I ever toured a brewery
Never have I ever tried a banana and mayonnaise sandwich
Never have I ever tried a cheesy pick-up line on someone
Never have I ever tried a craft beer
Never have I ever tried a restaurant's food challenge
Never have I ever tried baby food
Never have I ever tried champagne
Never have I ever tried counting how many licks it took to get to the center of a popsicle
Never have I ever tried moonshine
Never have I ever tried out to be an extra in a movie
Never have I ever tried pickles with peanut butter
Never have I ever tried skinny dipping
Never have I ever tried something I saw on Pinterest
Never have I ever tried to do a keg stand
Never have I ever tried to flee the cops
Never have I ever tried to impress a crush by seeming knowledgeable about things they liked
Never have I ever tried to pass a silent fart, but it came out loud instead
Never have I ever tried wine in a box
Never have I ever tripped in public
Never have I ever turned underwear inside out to get more use out of it
Never have I ever used a baby spoon to eat ice cream so it would last longer
Never have I ever used a fake ID
Never have I ever used a public restroom that had no toilet paper
Never have I ever used handcuffs or something similar
Never have I ever used medicine that was prescribed to me
Never have I ever used my cell phone while driving
Never have I ever used my hands as a tissue
Never have I ever used someone else’s toothbrush
Never have I ever used the bathroom and not washed my hands
Never have I ever vomited in public
Never have I ever voted
Never have I ever walked around with my zipper down
Never have I ever walked in on someone in the bathroom
Never have I ever watched a movie because I knew it had nudity
Never have I ever watched children's cartoons I'm too old for
Never have I ever watched pimple-popping videos
Never have I ever watched the Ghostbusters remake
Never have I ever winked or whistled at someone
Never have I ever wiped my armpits with a towel instead of showering
Never have I ever won a game of Scrabble
Never have I ever worn sleepwear and pretended it was clothing
Never have I ever worn someone else’s underwear
Never have I ever worn the same jeans for a week without washing them
Never have I ever worn the same pair of underwear more than three days
Who is most likely to accidentally poison someone with terrible cooking?
Who is most likely to ask for advice but never take it?
Who is most likely to be killed first if they were in a horror movie?
Who is most likely to be late for everything?
Who is most likely to be the first one at the mic at karaoke?
Who is most likely to become a CEO?
Who is most likely to become a millionaire?
Who is most likely to become an influencer?
Who is most likely to break a world record?
Who is most likely to break their phone the first day they get it?
Who is most likely to cancel plans at the last moment?
Who is most likely to commit a crime?
Who is most likely to cry whilst watching a sad movie?
Who is most likely to cut their own hair?
Who is most likely to drop everything and travel the world?
Who is most likely to eat something off the ground?
Who is most likely to fake their own death?
Who is most likely to forget their best friend's birthday?
Who is most likely to get a divorce?
Who is most likely to get a terrible tattoo?
Who is most likely to get caught having sex in public?
Who is most likely to get lost in their own hometown?
Who is most likely to get thrown out of the club?
Who is most likely to get too drunk at pre drinks?
Who is most likely to give someone a fake phone number?
Who is most likely to give their kid an unusual (terrible) name?
Who is most likely to go a week without a shower?
Who is most likely to go on Love Island?
Who is most likely to have a one night stand?
Who is most likely to have a threesome?
Who is most likely to have a wardrobe malfunction?
Who is most likely to have their own reality show?
Who is most likely to join a cult?
Who is most likely to keep a secret?
Who is most likely to laugh in a serious moment?
Who is most likely to lie to get a new job?
Who is most likely to lock themselves out of their own home?
Who is most likely to marry someone they just met?
Who is most likely to never get married?
Who is most likely to pass out tonight?
Who is most likely to puke tonight?
Who is most likely to save up all their money and never spend it?
Who is most likely to shoplift?
Who is most likely to sleep with a friend's family member?
Who is most likely to sleep with their ex?
Who is most likely to spend all their money on something stupid?
Who is most likely to spend hours in a YouTube conspiracy theory hole?
Who is most likely to stay up the longest tonight?
Who is most likely to still own a Nokia 3310?
Who is most likely to take a week to reply to a text?
Who is most likely to win the Nobel Prize?
Who is most likely to write a bestseller?
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with A
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with B
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with C
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with D
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with E
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with F
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with G
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with H
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with I
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with J
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with K
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with L
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with M
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with N
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with O
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with P
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with Q
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with R
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with S
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with T
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with U
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with V
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with W
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with X
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with Y
Everyone takes a drink whose name starts with Z
Everyone who has a 0 in their age drinks
Everyone who has a 1 in their age drinks
Everyone who has a 2 in their age drinks
Everyone who has a 3 in their age drinks
Everyone who has a 4 in their age drinks
Everyone who has a 5 in their age drinks
Everyone who has a 6 in their age drinks
Everyone who has a 7 in their age drinks
Everyone who has a 8 in their age drinks
Everyone who has a 9 in their age drinks
Take 1 drink
Take 2 drinks
Take 3 drinks
Take 4 drinks
Take 5 drinks
Give away 1 drink
Give away 2 drinks
Give away 3 drinks
Give away 4 drinks
Give away 5 drinks
Take 1 drink, give 1 drink
Take 1 drink, give 2 drinks
Take 2 drinks, give 1 drink
Pick a buddy, you both drink the amount you suggest
Pick a buddy, you both drink the amount they suggest
Drink with the person to your left and right
The person to your left and right drink
The person across of you drinks
Finish half of your drink
Finish your drink
Fill up your drink again
Physically spin around on the table 10 times
Everyone fills up their drink again
Pick 2 people, they both finish half their drink
The person after you picks how much you drink, they drink half that before they spin
404: drink 4
All male avatars drink
All female avatars drink
All guys drink
All girls drink
Drink as much drinks as you want, everyone else drinks half that
Oldest person in the room drinks
Youngest person in the room drinks
Tallest avatar drinks
Shortest avatar drinks
Longest username drinks
Shortest username drinks
Drink again if you drank something last turn
Everyone in the room drinks
Everyone drinks, except for you :(
Anyone smaller than you drinks
Anyone taller than you drinks
All avatars with animal ears drink
All avatars with a tail drink
All avatars wearing shoes drink
All avatars that are NSFW drink
All avatars with lights on them drink
All avatars wearing glasses drink
All avatars wearing thigh highs drink
All furry avatars drink
All inanimate avatars drink
All avatars with emission on them drink
All avatars with AudioLink on them drink
All E-boy avatars drink
All E-girl avatars drink
All Booth models drink
All Gumroad models drink
If your avatar is over 100Mb of texture memory, take 4 drinks
If your avatar is bellow 20Mb of texture memory, give 4 drinks
All avatars with a follower/pet drink
Make a random animal sound, first one to guess it can give a drink
Take a pure shot
Pick someone to do a pure shot
Everyone takes as much drinks as continents they have been to
Everyone who has done something lewd with someone in the room drinks
Take as much drinks as there are people playing, divided by 2
If your avatar can do a backflip, give 2 drinks
Everyone drinks that did not do so last turn
Everyone who has their Discord in the bio drinks
Everyone who has at least 1 similar letter in their name drinks with you
Everyone drinks 1 for each ex they have
Everyone who is single takes a drink
Everyone who is in a relationship takes a drink
Guess someones kink, if you are correct they drink, if not you drink
Rhyme time, the person who messes up drinks
Keep a drink in your mouth, don't swallow it till the next person had their drink
Take a drink and spin again
Give a drink and spin again
Choose if you want spin again, but drinks for the next prompt are dubble
Toggle off 1 piece of clothing, or drink 6
Everyone takes a drink if there are 2 people with the same avatar
Play rock paper scissors with someone, winner gives a dink
Drink some water :)
Challenge someone to emptying a drink, loser drinks double on their next prompt
Anyone who is drinking beer, take a drink
Anyone who is drinking vodka, take a drink
Anyone who is drinking whisky, take a drink
Anyone who is drinking rum, take a drink
If your drink is cold, give 1 drink
If your drink is less than half full, empty it
Anyone who has black on their avatar drinks
Anyone who has white on their avatar drinks
Anyone who has orange on their avatar drinks
Anyone who has purple on their avatar drinks
Anyone who has yellow on their avatar drinks
Anyone who has green on their avatar drinks
Anyone who has blue on their avatar drinks
Anyone who has red on their avatar drinks
Anyone who is on green status, give 1 drink
Anyone who is on orange status, take 2 drinks
Anyone who is on red status, take 3 drinks
Anyone who is from The Netherlands takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Germany takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Austria takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Belgium takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Bulgaria takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Denmark takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Czech Republic takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Finland takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from United Kingdom takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Norway takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from France takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Greece takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Hungary takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Ireland takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Italy takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Luxembourg takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Poland takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Portugal takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Spain takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Sweden takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from United States takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Canada takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Mexico takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Brazil takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Japan takes 2 drinks
Anyone who is from Australia takes 2 drinks
Anyone who has made a public avatar drinks
Anyone who has made a public world drinks
Anyone who does not have a public world drinks
Pick 1 person who will not join in the group drink
Anyone who has ever puked from alcohol take a drink
Start a whirlpool: everyone keeps drinking as long as you drink
Start a waterfall: you can only stop drinking if the player before you stopped
Who in the room would you marry, fuck, kill?
Give someone in the room a kiss
Give someone in the room a lick
Put a ice cube in your underwear
Tell 2 truths and 1 lie
Give someone your best pickup line
Give someone your worst pickup line
Give a kiss on the cheek to the person to your right
Give a kiss on the cheek to the person to your left
Anyone who has ever broken up with someone over text drinks 3
Pick 1 person to take a drink with you
Pick up to 2 people to take a drink with you
Pick up to 3 people to take a drink with you
Pick up to 4 people to take a drink with you
Anyone who has numbers in their name drinks
Anyone who has no numbers in their name dinks
Everyone takes a drink for each person they are simping for
Everyone takes a drink for each person that simps for them
Read out the last dirty DM you sent to someone
Perform 10 pushups on the table
Perform 10 squads on the table
Perform 10 crunches on the table
Rate the person standing in front of you ;)
Pick someone, you both do your best moan. The group decides who wins, looser finishes their drink
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 10k hours, drink 10
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 9k hours, drink 9
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 8k hours, drink 8
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 7k hours, drink 7
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 6k hours, drink 6
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 5k hours, drink 5
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 4k hours, drink 4
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 3k hours, drink 3
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 2k hours, drink 2
Everyone who played VRchat for more than 1k hours, drink 1
Everyone who played VRchat for less than 1k hours, give a drink
Perform a short lapdance to the player on your right
Perform a short twerk session on top of the table
Take drinks with your non-dominant hand for 1 round
Take drinks with both of your hands for 1 round
Take drinks with only 1 hand for 1 round
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind
If you are wearing full body, rotate your belt 180 degrees for 1 turn
If you are wearing full body, swap your feet trackers for 1 round
Tell a joke, if nobody laughs you take a drink
Tell a sad story to the group
Tell a happy story to the group
Tell a lewd story to the group
You can only whisper for 1 round
Impersonate someone in the group, if they guess correctly you can give a drink
Take a drink, gargle it in your mouth and than swallow it
Perform a jump IRL at the same time as in VR
Thank Cthulhu for the bountiful amount of drinks you and your friends are receiving, whole group cheers after
Start drinking until you have 1 drink left in your glass
Everyone takes 1 drink for each social media platform they are on
Everyone takes 1 drink for each social media platform you are on
Switch into a default VRchat avatar for 1 round
Switch places with someone
Take a drink if you ever pretended to finish with someone
Everyone who had Unity crash on them takes a drink
Everyone who had Blender crash on them takes a drink
Everyone who has ever been denied takes a drink
Switch into your lewdest avatar for 1 round
Perform a "roses are red" poem to someone
Blow someone a kiss, they take a drink
Recite a part of "UwU what's this?" lyrics for the group
Drink the amount the group decides together
Drink with the 3 people across of you
Do a Fortnite dance for 5 seconds
Everyone takes 1 drink for each Lovense toy they own
Everyone who is currently in a loli avatar drinks
If the world creator is playing the game, cheers and take 2 drinks
Anyone who is sluring their words, they drinks some water
All the boomers take a drink
Everyone who has a drivers licence drinks
Everyone who drives on the "right" side of the road drinks ;)
Anyone who is from Slovakia takes 2 drinks
Anyone who started questioning their sexuality after playing VRchat drinks
Everyone who has ever been a Knuckles avatar takes 2 drinks
Everyone who has ever lost money gambling takes a drink
Everyone who has ever put someone to sleep in VRchat gives a dink
Everyone who has ever fallen asleep in VRchat takes a drink
Everyone who has ever spend more than 50 euro on a Gatcha game drink
If you ever gotten "water" damage on your VR gear, take a drink
Go sit on someones lap for 1 round
Pick someone to sit on your lap for 1 round
You have to include a "over" in every sentence you make for 1 round
You have to include a "meow" in every sentence you make for 1 round
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2017 give 1 drink
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2018 take 1 drink
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2019 take 2 drinks
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2020 take 3 drinks
Everyone who has been in VRchat since 2021 take 4 drinks
Stand in T-pose for 1 round
Change your satus to: I did an oopsie
Change your satus to: Just shaved my legs
Change your satus to: I managed to do it
Change your satus to: Looking for a playmate
Change your satus to: Please spank me
Change your satus to: Put a leash on me
Change your satus to: Let me lick your finger
Change your satus to: Finally got it
Change your satus to: It should've been me..
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in January
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in February
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in March
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in April
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in May
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in June
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in July
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in August
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in September
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in October
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in November
Everyone takes a drink whose birthday is in December
Is your birhday this month? Give out 5 dirinks!
Everyone who has hue shift on their avatar drinks
Take a drink if you are in desktop
Taka a drink if you are in half-body
Take a drink if you are in full-body
Everyone who is sitting down takes 2 drinks
Everyone who has had Covid takes a drink
Switch into your newest uploaded avatar
Switch into your oldest uploaded avatar
Drink if your avatars gender does not match your own one
Sample text, everyone dinks!
What's the most adventurous thing you've ever done?
If you could switch lives with someone for a day, who would it be?
Describe your dream vacation destination
Share a funny childhood memory
What's your favorite type of music and why?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
Name one talent you wish you had
What's your go-to karaoke song?
If you could time travel, where and when would you go?
Share a hidden talent no one knows about
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done in public?
If you could meet any historical figure, who would it be?
Describe your dream date
What's your guilty pleasure TV show or movie?
If you could have any job for a day, what would it be?
Share a favorite childhood game or toy
What's your most unusual talent?
If you could have dinner with any fictional character, who would it be?
What's the weirdest food you've ever tried?
Describe your dream wedding
If you could have any animal as a pet, what would it be?
What's the most challenging thing you've ever done?
If you could be any cartoon character, who would you be?
Share a favorite quote and explain why it resonates with you
If you could switch lives with a celebrity, who would it be?
What's your favorite season and why?
If you could visit any place in the world, where would you go?
Share a childhood dream that you still want to fulfill
What's the most meaningful gift you've ever received?
If you had a time machine, would you go to the past or the future?
Describe your dream home
If you could have any job in the world, what would it be?
Share a memorable camping experience
If you could master any skill instantly, what would it be?
What's your favorite book and why?
If you could trade places with someone for a day, who would it be?
Share a funny family tradition
If you could be any fictional character's sidekick, who would it be?
What's the most unusual place you've ever been to?
If you could have any celebrity as your best friend, who would it be?
Describe your dream car
What's the most spontaneous thing you've ever done?
If you could have any historical figure as a mentor, who would it be?
Share a favorite childhood TV show
If you could have any exotic pet, what would it be?
What's your favorite way to relax and unwind?
If you could time travel to any decade, which one would it be?
Share a memorable road trip experience
If you could be famous for one thing, what would it be?
What's the most interesting fact you know?
If you could switch lives with someone in this room, who would it be?
What's your favorite board game and why?
If you could have any magical power, what would it be?
Share a funny childhood nickname
If you could be any character from a movie, who would it be?
What's the most unusual job you can think of?
If you could have dinner with any three people, dead or alive, who would they be?
Share a favorite childhood snack
If you could live in any fictional world, which one would it be?
What's the most adventurous food you've ever tried?
If you could have any career for a week, what would it be?
Share a favorite childhood game
If you could trade places with a famous person for a day, who would it be?
Describe your dream job
What's the most interesting place you've ever visited?
If you could have any animal's ability, what would it be?
Share a memorable family vacation experience
If you could have any piece of technology from the future, what would it be?
What's your favorite way to spend a lazy Sunday?
If you could have any historical figure as a friend, who would it be?
Share a funny pet story
If you could have any fictional character's wardrobe, whose would it be?
What's your favorite childhood movie and why?
If you could have any job for a month, what would it be?
Describe your dream pet
If you could have any skill without practicing, what would it be?
Share a memorable school field trip experience
If you could be any superhero, who would it be?
What's your favorite type of cuisine and why?
If you could have any historical figure as a sibling, who would it be?
Share a favorite childhood holiday tradition
If you could have any celebrity as your neighbor, who would it be?
Describe your dream weekend getaway
If you could have any magical creature as a pet, what would it be?
What's the most exciting adventure you've ever had?
If you could have any fictional character's job, what would it be?
Share a funny family vacation story
If you could have any superhero's power, what would it be?
What's your favorite way to spend a rainy day?
If you could have any animal as a sidekick, what would it be?
Describe your dream party
If you could switch places with any animated character, who would it be?
Share a favorite childhood memory with a sibling
If you could have any fictional character's car, what would it be?
What's the most unusual skill you possess?
If you could have any historical figure as a mentor, who would it be?
Share a funny childhood game you used to play
If you could have any celebrity as a sibling, who would it be?
What's your favorite way to celebrate your birthday?
If you could have any superpower just for today, what would it be?
If you could have dinner with any fictional character, who would it be and why?
Share a childhood dream that you've never told anyone about
If you could be a character in a video game, which game would it be?
Describe your ideal weekend morning routine
If you could have any historical figure as a pen pal, who would it be?
What's your favorite way to express creativity?
If you could visit any fictional world for a day, where would you go?
Share a memorable moment from a concert or live performance
If you were an inventor, what's one gadget you would create?
What's the most unexpected compliment you've ever received?
If you could have any animal as a life companion, what would it be?
Share a favorite childhood TV commercial jingle
If you could have a conversation with any living celebrity, who would it be?
What's your favorite form of self-care after a stressful day?
If you could switch lives with someone for a week, who would it be?
Describe your dream breakfast, including all the details
Share a funny family holiday tradition
If you could time travel to witness any historical event, what would it be?
What's your favorite childhood bedtime story or fairy tale?
If you could have any fictional character as a sibling, who would it be?
Describe your dream pet peeve that doesn't exist yet
If you could attend any fictional school or university, which one would it be?
Share a memorable encounter with a stranger that brightened your day
If you could have any job from a different era, what would it be?
What's the most adventurous thing you've done in the last year?
If you could live in any era of history, when would it be?
Describe your perfect day off from work or school
If you could be fluent in any language instantly, which one would you choose?
Share a funny childhood story involving a sibling or close friend
If you could have any mythical creature as a pet, what would it be?
What's your favorite way to unwind and relax on a Sunday afternoon?
If you could be a character in a classic novel, who would you be?
Share a favorite childhood board game that brings back fond memories
If you could have any artist create a portrait of you, who would it be?
Describe your dream vacation without revealing the destination
If you could have any fictional character as a mentor, who would it be?
What's the most surprising thing you've learned about yourself recently?
If you could be a character in a Broadway musical, which one would it be?
Share a favorite childhood memory from a family road trip
If you could have any historical figure as your best friend, who would it be?
Describe your dream superpower that no one else has
If you could have any animal communicate with you for a day, which would it be?
What's your favorite type of weather, and why does it appeal to you?
If you could trade lives with any animated character, who would it be?
Share a funny childhood story involving a pet
If you could have any celebrity play you in a movie about your life, who would it be?
What's your favorite way to spend a snowy day?
If you could have any job for just one day, what would it be?
Describe your dream home library or reading nook
If you could be any character in a classic fairy tale, who would you choose?
Share a memorable experience from a family gathering or reunion
If you could be any historical figure's assistant for a day, who would it be?
What's your favorite childhood memory related to a holiday celebration?
If you could have any fictional technology from a movie, what would it be?
Describe your perfect weekend getaway destination
If you could meet any author, dead or alive, who would it be?
Share a funny childhood story involving a school project or assignment
If you could have any musician write a song about you, who would it be?
What's the most unusual place you've ever daydreamed about visiting?
If you could have any fictional character as a neighbor, who would it be?
Describe your dream outdoor adventure or activity
If you could have any historical figure's wardrobe, whose would it be?
Share a favorite childhood memory involving a pet or animal
If you could have any superpower but only use it for good deeds, what would it be?
What's your favorite way to spend a summer day?
If you could have any animal's ability for a day, what would it be?
Share a memorable experience from a childhood birthday party
If you could have any celebrity endorse a product you love, who would it be?
Describe your dream first date without revealing the location
If you could have any skill instantly without any effort, what would it be?
What's the most interesting piece of trivia you know?
If you could have any fictional character's vehicle, what would it be?
Share a funny childhood story involving a sibling or close friend
If you could have any job in a fantasy world, what would it be?
What's the most unusual talent you possess that surprises people?
If you could have any artist paint a mural in your home, who would it be?
Describe your dream costume for a costume party
If you could have any celebrity host a dinner party in your honor, who would it be?
Share a memorable experience from a childhood sleepover
If you could be a character in a classic video game, who would it be?
What's your favorite way to celebrate a personal achievement?
If you could have any mythical creature protect your home, what would it be?
Describe your dream gadget or invention that doesn't exist yet
If you could have any historical figure as your personal chef, who would it be?
Share a funny childhood memory involving a school project
If you could have any author write a book about your life, who would it be?
What's your favorite way to spend a quiet evening alone?
If you could have any animated character as your best friend, who would it be?
Describe your dream winter vacation destination
If you could have any celebrity perform at your birthday party, who would it be?
What's the most unusual food combination you enjoy?
If you could have any fictional character as a roommate, who would it be?
Share a memorable experience from a childhood camping trip
If you could have any musician compose a theme song for your life, who would it be?
Describe your dream job that doesn't exist in the real world
If you could have any historical figure as your personal trainer, who would it be?
Share a funny childhood story involving a family holiday celebration
If you could have any fictional character as your life coach, who would it be?
What's your favorite way to spend a weekend morning?
If you could have any celebrity narrate your life story, who would it be?
Take a drink if you've ever traveled to another continent
Take a drink if you can play a musical instrument
Take a drink if you've read a book in the last month
Take a drink if you've binge-watched a TV series in one sitting
Take a drink if you've been to a concert in the past year
Take a drink if you've cooked a meal from scratch in the last week
Take a drink if you've ever tried a food from a different culture
Take a drink if you've completed a puzzle with more than 500 pieces
Take a drink if you've ever ridden a horse
Take a drink if you've gone camping in the last six months
Take a drink if you've taken a selfie in the last 24 hours
Take a drink if you've ever participated in a sports competition
Take a drink if you've traveled solo
Take a drink if you've volunteered for a charity
Take a drink if you've attended a wedding in the last year
Take a drink if you've learned a new language
Take a drink if you've won a game of chess
Take a drink if you've gone hiking in the mountains
Take a drink if you've ever been scuba diving
Take a drink if you've ridden a roller coaster in the last six months
Take a drink if you've seen a live comedy show recently
Take a drink if you've participated in a karaoke night
Take a drink if you've gone zip-lining
Take a drink if you've attended a music festival
Take a drink if you've run a marathon
Take a drink if you've attended a film festival
Take a drink if you've been on a hot air balloon ride
Take a drink if you've been to a museum in the last month
Take a drink if you've visited more than five countries
Take a drink if you've taken a dance class
Take a drink if you've ever won a game of poker
Take a drink if you've gone on a road trip in the last year
Take a drink if you've gone surfing
Take a drink if you've seen the sunrise in the last week
Take a drink if you've tried a new type of cuisine in the last month
Take a drink if you've been to a sports game in the last three months
Take a drink if you've taken a painting or drawing class
Take a drink if you've gone bungee jumping
Take a drink if you've ridden a motorcycle
Take a drink if you've gone snorkeling
Take a drink if you've attended a live theater performance
Take a drink if you've participated in a pub quiz
Take a drink if you've gone kayaking
Take a drink if you've tried a new outdoor activity in the last month
Take a drink if you've been to a comedy club
Take a drink if you've climbed a tree in the last year
Take a drink if you've gone fishing
Take a drink if you've attended a costume party
Take a drink if you've been to a spa in the last six months
Take a drink if you've gone horseback riding on the beach
Take a drink if you've attended a book club meeting
Take a drink if you've participated in a charity run or walk
Take a drink if you've been to a theme park in the last year
Take a drink if you've gone rock climbing
Take a drink if you've tried a new cocktail in the last month
Take a drink if you've gone birdwatching
Take a drink if you've attended a political rally
Take a drink if you've gone stargazing in the last month
Take a drink if you've attended a poetry reading
Take a drink if you've tried a new fitness class
Take a drink if you've attended a TED Talk
Take a drink if you've gone on a spontaneous trip
Take a drink if you've attended a film premiere
Take a drink if you've participated in a writing workshop
Take a drink if you've gone on a ghost tour
Take a drink if you've tried a new type of wine or beer
Take a drink if you've attended a TEDx event
Take a drink if you've gone on a photography expedition
Take a drink if you've gone on a city sightseeing tour
Take a drink if you've attended a cultural festival
Take a drink if you've gone on a midnight hike
Take a drink if you've tried a new outdoor sport
Take a drink if you've attended a science fair
Take a drink if you've gone on a historical walking tour
Take a drink if you've participated in a talent show
Take a drink if you've gone on a river cruise
Take a drink if you've attended a magic show
Take a drink if you've gone on a food tasting tour
Take a drink if you've participated in a cooking class
Take a drink if you've gone on a hot air balloon safari
Take a drink if you've attended a silent disco
Take a drink if you've gone on a meditation retreat
Take a drink if you've participated in a hackathon
Take a drink if you've gone on a wildlife safari
Take a drink if you've attended a wellness retreat
Take a drink if you've participated in a cosplay event
Take a drink if you've gone on a wine tasting tour
Take a drink if you've attended a historical reenactment
Take a drink if you've gone on a beer or wine cruise
Take a drink if you've participated in a scavenger hunt
Take a drink if you've attended a beach party
Take a drink if you've gone on a cooking vacation
Take a drink if you've participated in a car rally
Take a drink if you've attended a street food festival
Take a drink if you've gone on a sailing trip
Take a drink if you've participated in a trivia night
Take a drink if you've attended a farmers' market
Take a drink if you've gone on a zip-lining adventure
Take a drink if you've participated in a wine-making workshop
Take a drink if you've attended a dance festival
